Jenkins is an open source DevOps tool that is used for both continuous integration
and monitoring. One of the greatest advantages in my mind for this tool is that
because it is so popular, it has a wide community that has already encountered
many issues and can be reached out to for troubleshooting. It's also open source,
so if I ever get good enough, I could potentially tailor to CI process for whatever
unique project I'm working on. Until I get there though, it comes with thousands of
plugins already and is free to use. It's also built in Java, so it's portable to all
the major platforms.

Jenkins provides one-click easy downloads and offers extensive documentation at 
https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/installing/. They also offer an enormous community
of fellow users to connect with for help and support. https://www.jenkins.io/participate/
Jenkins does offer a guided tour for beginners in the tutorial section. If I was
going to branch out into something new alone, I would feel comfortable with Jenkins.

The timeline for Jenkins is unclear. One website says 2004 but Wikipedia says it was 
released 2011. Either way, the Jenkins website itself says by 2019 it had 200,000
known downloads and the community has coninued to grow. Github shows at least 13 years
of activity.

Sensu is a full-stack monitoring app that allows you to monitor applications, servers, 
reports, etc. It works on all popular operating systems and is free to use.

For the set-up, they make it look like 3 easy steps, but none of them are. There are
a bunch of commands that you're supposed to put in the terminal. It says you can just
copy and paste them, but it makes me nervous not understand everything it's changing.
It doesn't explain next to the code what it's doing but has a link to a separate doc
page and the link to the documentation is kind of hidden too. There is a community
page but it seems kind of small.

Sensu has only been around since 2017, so it's still a relatively new and unsecure
tech tool. It seems you have to have a basic understanding of docker containers before
you can attempt to use the tool.